doc: improve the sync global limit document (#7170)
juicedata/juicefs: docs/en/reference/command_reference.mdx

  * `granted`: bytes granted for this request.
  * `expired`: expiration time of the granted quota in milliseconds.

> Read [Global traffic control](../guide/sync.md#global-traffic-control) for a complete guide including a reference server implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Global traffic control](../guide/sync.md#global-traffic-control) for a complete usage guide including a reference server implementation.
```
